The Brooklyn-Queens Connector (BQX) Streetcar is a proposed transit system that would run along the eastern waterfront of Queens and Brooklyn in New York City, from Astoria to Bay Ridge. The route is 17 miles in length and 30 stations are proposed. This set of MATLAB programs was created to simulate the operation of a fleet of automated shuttles as an alternative to the BQX Streetcar, serving the same route and stations. 
The simulationBQX1_v1.m program calls the function BQX_Project1FINAL_v1.m and uses data inputs from the StreetcarData.xlsx spreadsheet. This program simulates a demand-responsive service with garages between stations.
The simulationBQX1_v2.m program calls the function BQX_Project1FINAL_v2.m and uses data inputs from the StreetcarData.xlsx spreadsheet. This program simulates a demand-responsive service with stations acting as garages for the shuttles.
The simulationBQX2.m program calls the function BQX_Project2_v1.m and uses data inputs from the StreetcarData.xlsx spreadsheet. This program simulates a fixed-route service operating in the same way as the streetcar. The BQX streetcar can also be simulated with this program by changing input parameters to match the proposed parameters for the BQX.
These programs were used in research for the following paper:
Mendes, L.M., Bennàssar, M.R. and Chow, J.Y., 2017. Comparison of Light Rail Streetcar Against Shared Autonomous Vehicle Fleet for Brooklyn–Queens Connector in New York City. Transportation Research Record: Journal of the Transportation Research Board, (2650), pp.142-151.
